## Python scripts used in my final year project to decode protobuf format being sent in requests.
#### The project was an investigation of privacy concerns for users of Android social media applications stemming from data being sent to each app's endpoints. Twitter was the app that was mainly focused on. The experiments that were performed aimed to reenact a privacy concious user who does not want any of their personal information to be revealed without their explicit consent. Much data was discovered to have been being collected such as identifiers that could de-anonymise users through the device they are using due to each account storing information about each device that has logged into an account. This could obviously be used to connect several accounts to the same person. Furthermore, it was discovered that telemetry of how long a user would look at certain posts was being collected and logged, giving a large amount of information to back-end servers on what a user finds interesting. This can be used to recommend certain content to the user to ensure that they stay on the app for as long as possible. The protocol that was followed when setting up test accounts for the project was to opt out of any requests to collect data so it was very interesting to discover just how much data is being extracted.
#### What do they need it for? The privacy policy is intentionally vague in my opinion and should be a lot more informative to the reader.
#### A comparison is made against Mastodon which acts as a baseline due to it being open-source. When compared, it is obvious that so much data does not need to be collected in order for a social media site to run effectively.
